# YounathanAGroupCYOAwithStyles
Peer Reviewer: Jayvon Khuth
<<<<<<< HEAD
Peer Review: Website looks fantastic, only problem I had was that the buttons didn't fit fully on my screen so it created this white space at the bottom. I think maybe editing something with the screen size will fix it, but other than that the website is great. I love how it looks, I like that their story is pretty funny, and their choice of gifs was very funny and amusing too. I also liked how they had a menu button and a special button feature. I tried to break their website, but I couldn't which is good. Looking at their code, it looked pretty easy to follow everything and see what they did to make their website as good as it is. Overall, the website was a 10/10, I enjoyed their whole CYOA, good job ya'll.
=======
Peer Review: Website looks fantastic, only problem I had was that the background repeated itself on a couple pages. I would suggest maybe writing a backgroud cover code or something to make the background not repeat into their body element in the css.(sorta fixed?) But other than that the website is great. I love how it looks, I like that their story is pretty funny, and their choice of gifs was very funny and amusing too. I also liked how they had a menu button and a special button feature. I tried to break their website, but I couldn't which is good. Looking at their code, it looked pretty easy to follow everything and see what they did to make their website as good as it is. Overall, the website was a 10/10, I enjoyed their whole CYOA, good job ya'll.
>>>>>>> 4b490ba8781096d3b43d741effb2785f68a6764e
